feat(android): Add troubleshooting for auto-installation (#5310)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/troubleshooting.mdx

## Sentry Android Gradle Plugin Build Issues

### Proguard Mapping Upload Issues

You can set the debug log flag as an environment variable, which is picked up by the [Sentry CLI](/product/cli/).
In addition, set the `--stacktrace` flag:

```
export SENTRY_LOG_LEVEL=debug && ./gradlew app:uploadSentryProguardMappingsRelease --stacktrace 
```

With this information, it might be more clear what's happening. If not, please consider reporting these issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/issues), so we can keep track of them.

> ### Auto-Instrumentation Issues

Reviewer: I hate this, but it's AP style

```suggestion
### Auto-instrumentation Issues
```

}
```

Please consider reporting these issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/issues), so we can keep track of them.

> ### Auto-Installation Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-installation Issues
```

The [Sentry Android Gradle plugin](/platforms/android/gradle/) offers the automated installation feature of the Sentry Android SDK and the Fragment, Timber, and OkHttp integrations. Because we modify the dependency tree, this might lead to potential issues with Gradle's configuration and build phases.

> #### StackOverflowError during sync or build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### StackOverflowError During Sync or Build
```

> If you are facing a `StackOverflowError` when trying to trigger a Gradle Sync in Android Studio or during the Gradle build, most likely this is [the issue](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/232075280) on the Android Gradle Plugin's (AGP) site. The issue is only present in version `7.2.0` of AGP and can be fixed as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're experiencing a `StackOverflowError` when trying to trigger a Gradle Sync in Android Studio or during the Gradle build, it's most likely [this issue](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/232075280) documented on the Android Gradle Plugin (AGP) site. The issue is only present in version `7.2.0` of AGP and can be fixed as follows:
```

Update the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin to version `3.1.3` or above:

```groovy
plugins {
    id 'io.sentry.android.gradle' version '{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.1.3') }}'
}
```

Or update the Android Gradle Plugin to version `7.2.1`:

```groovy
plugins {
  id 'com.android.application' version '7.2.1' 
}
```

> If the problem persists, most likely this is caused by some other Gradle plugin that is processing `.pom` files. In this case, the problem can be worked around by upgrading the `sentry-android` or `sentry-android-core` dependency to version `6.3.0` or above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the problem persists, it's most likely caused by some other Gradle plugin that is processing `.pom` files. In this case, you can work around the problem by upgrading the `sentry-android` or `sentry-android-core` dependency to version `6.3.0` or above:
```

```groovy
dependencies {
  implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-android:{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android', '6.3.0') }}' // or sentry-android-core if you don't use the ndk package
}
```

> #### Runtime crash when using sentry-android-core in a submodule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Runtime Crash When Using `sentry-android-core` in a Submodule
```

> If you're declaring `sentry-android-core:6.x` dependency **not in** your main `app` module, but in one of the submodules and are using the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin version `3.1.0`, the application will crash at runtime with a `NoSuchMethodError`, because the plugin will try to install the `sentry-android-ndk` with an incompatible version `5.7.0`. To fix this problem you can update the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin to version `3.1.1` or above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're declaring a `sentry-android-core:6.x` dependency that's **not in** your main `app` module, but in one of the submodules, and you're using the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin version `3.1.0`, the application will crash at runtime with a `NoSuchMethodError`. This is because the plugin will try to install the `sentry-android-ndk` with an incompatible version `5.7.0`. To fix this problem, you can update the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin to version `3.1.1` or above:
```

```groovy
plugins {
    id 'io.sentry.android.gradle' version '{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.1.1') }}'
}
```

Alternatively, you can tell the plugin to use your version of the sentry NDK:

```groovy
sentry {
  autoInstallation {
    sentryVersion = '6.0.0' // or whatever version you use for `sentry-android-core`
  }
}
```

<Note>

> This problem is only relevant to these specific versions - `sentry-android-core` version `6.+` and `sentry-android-gradle-plugin` version `3.1.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem is only relevant to these specific versions: `sentry-android-core` version `6.+` and `sentry-android-gradle-plugin` version `3.1.0`.
```
